remove modifing config by reference in multistore (#3617)
DivanteLtd/vue-storefront: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed resolving store code on SSR - @andrzejewsky (#3576)
- Clear user data if error occurs while login - @gibkigonzo (#3588)
- Fix loading bestsellers on 404 error page - @andrzejewsky (#3540)

> - Remove modifing config by reference in multistore - @gibkigonzo

Reviewer: please add PR number if there is no issue for this
```suggestion
- Remove modifying config by reference in multistore - @gibkigonzo (#3617)
```

Author: done
